Improve LLM Backbone Explanations (#766)
h2oai/h2o-llmstudio: documentation/docs/tooltips/experiments/_llm-backbone.mdx

The **LLM Backbone** option is the most important setting as it sets the pretrained model weights.

- Use smaller models for quicker experiments and larger models for higher accuracy
- Aim to leverage models pre-trained on tasks similar to your use case when possible

> - Select a model from the dropdown list or type in the name of a model on HuggingFace of your preference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a model from the dropdown list or type in the name of a model on Hugging Face of your preference
```

> - Select a model from the dropdown list or type in the name of a model on HuggingFace of your preference

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select a model from the dropdown list or type in the name of a Hugging Face model of your preference
```
